Describe linitations of the push dropFeedbackMode (#540)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxSortable/1 Configuration/dropFeedbackMode.md

This option accepts the following values:

- *"push"*    

>   Items move apart with animation, making free space for the dragged item to be placed. To use this mode, make sure [allowDropInsideItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#allowDropInsideItem) is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Items move apart with animation, allowing room for the dragged item to be placed. To use this mode, ensure that the [allowDropInsideItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxSortable/Configuration/#allowDropInsideItem) is disabled.
```
